In the last lecture we learned how to sign the user how to successfully send our credentials and get
practice sign in information and the token which gets stored automatically.
Now I want to use this token to be precise I want to make sure that saving and fetching data is only
possible if you do send such a token to the back and so on the back and I want to check if the user
is offending hated and if it's not authenticated I want to deny access.
The first step is that we have to configure the rules on that back and you might remember that in the
age to the P.S. on the database area you're in the rules tab.
We changed to read and write to true that grant everyone read and write permissions we needed that at
the time we did this because we hadn't added authentication.
But now we are able to indicate so we should change this.
There is a protected off key keywords you can use here in these rules set up which basically means is
to use the offending catered and only if this is not now read access should be granted.
And the same for right access.
So that would be the default settings in a new project.
And with tears we're ensuring the only authentic end users are able to access our content.
So once we publish this if we click Save or fetch data you might be surprised by the result.
Let's try it we get an unauthorized exception.
So for one this shows that our new rules work.
But on the other hand you might be surprised because aren't we all for Christ.
We just did log in and we did store to tokened right.
Yes we did but we're not sending it with the request.
We only store it.
So we need to send it with a future request to tell the server Hey we got a token here it is.
Take a look.
And if you like it please give me access.
So to ask the server this or to send the server this information we need to change the way we send our
requests.
So in the data storage service here right now we're not sending any token with the requests and that
needs to change.
So the next Doctor I'm going to work on the officer is a little bit more so that we can get access to
this token so that we are able to successfully add it to our requests thereafter.